[Music]
eight minute workout that will rid you
of fat in a week most people wouldn't
turn down the opportunity to get
stronger healthier and more toned with
minimal effort unfortunately you usually
don't have the time or desire to hit the
gym regularly but don't worry this quick
eight minute workout can easily be done
at home and will do wonders on your body
remember to hit that subscribe button
and ring the notification bell to join
us on the bright side of life now you'd
better change into your workout clothes
because we're about to start the
exercise together one warm-up one of the
best warm-ups is jogging in place keep
jogging for 30 seconds try not to lift
your feet high off the ground you should
mostly hop from one foot to the other
and go warming up is extremely important
before you start any work out no matter
how short it is it gets your blood
flowing to warm up and stretch your
muscles and joints this is what gets
your body ready for physical activity to
lower the risk of injuries
[Music]
moving on to the second part of the
warmup you get a jog in place again but
this time try to bring your knees up as
high as you can ideally your thighs
should be parallel to the ground again
do this for the next 30 seconds starting
now lifting your knees will increase
your heart rate and that's perfect for a
good warm-up on top of that jogging in
place is an effective way to lose weight
since it burns a ton of calories
[Music]
three two one and great job now that
you're all warmed up we can start the
main part of the workout two bridges lie
on your back with your knees bent and
your feet flat on the floor
squeeze your glutes together to lift
your hips up towards the ceiling hold
this position for two seconds then lower
yourself back to the ground do ten reps
ready go while doing this exercise
don't use your lower back when you need
to pull yourself up this can lead
straight to an injury eight seven six
they'll provide you with strong legs and
a beautiful backside when done correctly
they can even release lower back tension
and that's all three push ups get into
the push-up position your hands should
be shoulder width apart and directly
below your shoulders don't let your hips
sag towards the floor your body should
be completely straight lower yourself
towards the ground while keeping your
elbows as close to your body as you can
stay in the lowered position for two
seconds then lift yourself back up do
ten reps
if this seems too hard at the moment you
can do just five push-ups or try doing
the bent knee version to make it a
little easier don't worry if you're
struggling you'll get there in time
push-ups are an awesome bodyweight
exercise they train your arms shoulders
chest and abs a little more and done
for mountain climbers get into the
straight leg push-up position make sure
that your core is tight now you're gonna
run in place by bringing each knee up to
your chest your hips shouldn't rise keep
your body straight the whole time repeat
this exercise for the next 30 seconds
[Music]
mountain climbers increase your heart
rate so that you burn a lot of calories
they speed up your metabolism and are
perfect for sculpting your abs
strengthening your arms shaping your
glutes and training your legs
[Music]
five jumping jacks stand up straight
with your feet together and your arms at
your sides as you jump bring your arms
up above your head and spread your feet
slightly wider than shoulder-width apart
jump again and return to the initial
position repeat 20 times this cardio
exercise is great for your leg muscles
and your core it's also beneficial for
your cardiovascular health on top of
that
jumping jacks burn plenty of calories
and boost your metabolism five four
three two one
well done six burpees stand straight
with your feet hip-width apart bend over
and put your palms on the floor in front
of you move your feet back in a jump you
should find yourself in a straight arm
plank with your hips lifted and your
core tight stay this way for two seconds
and then jump back your feet should go
to the outside of your hands stand up
and jump as high as you can your arms
should go overhead do ten of these
burpees are practically a full-body
exercise
[Music]
first of all they burn a ton of calories
since this is a high intensity cardio
exercise you'll lose 50% more fat than
you do with most other exercises
secondly burpees strengthen your whole
body by doing them you train your quads
hamstrings glutes ABS arms and chest
they also develop endurance and help you
get in shape really fast
sure that was intense right seven arms
up crunches lie flat on your back with
your knees bent and your feet on the
floor raise your arms overhead and keep
them this way the whole time
engage your core to slowly raise your
upper body off the floor in a crunch
hold it for two seconds and then lower
yourself back down repeat this exercise
10 times crunches are one of the best
exercises for training your abs and
getting the six-pack of your dreams
besides that they strengthen your core
and increase your range of motion and
flexibility they improve your posture
and lower the risk of back injuries and
stop
eight reverse lunges stand straight with
your feet hip-width apart take a big
step back and lower your body so that
both knees form 90-degree angles hold
this position for two seconds and then
pull yourself back up by using your
front leg do six reps on each leg
[Music]
reverse lunges will make your hips and
thighs stronger and burn a good amount
of calories since they involve each leg
one at a time they're also great for
your balance and stability all done
let's keep moving
nine lateral split squats stand with
your legs straight and much wider than
shoulder width apart slowly bend your
left knee forward to lower yourself
towards the ground return to the initial
position and do the same thing with your
right leg do six reps on each side
lateral split squats strengthen your
legs more effectively than regular
squats they target all kinds of muscles
including your abs for an added
challenge you can do them with dumbbells
three two one and great work you ready
for the final exercise drum roll please
10 plank get into a plank with your body
weight supported by your toes and
forearms make sure your elbows are in
line with your shoulders keep your torso
rigid and don't let those hips depth
make sure you're looking at the ground
and that your neck muscles are relaxed
hold this position for 30 seconds
[Music]
challenge yourself by adding one more
second each time you repeat this workout
believe it or not planking is also a
full-body exercise it trains not just
your abs but also your neck biceps
thighs and shoulder muscles when done
regularly planking will strengthen your
core and lower the risk of back injury
it also boosts your metabolism and
greatly improves your posture and that's
all there is to this eight minute fat
busting exercise routine how do you feel
after the workout let us know in the
comments below remember to hit that like
button share this video with your
friends and subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life